Nationality Waiver
8. All hiring Institutions (Host or Partner) and the hiring supervisor PI/Co-Is/PM shall employ or otherwise engage Research Assistants/ Research Technicians or staff of equivalent qualifications who are Singapore citizens and/or Singapore Permanent Residents to be deployed in the work under the Research.
a. For the purposes of this Clause 8, the term ”Research Assistants” or “Research Technicians” or staff of equivalent qualifications shall mean research technicians, or staff of equivalent qualifications who participate in the Research by performing mainly technical tasks as well as providing support functions distinct from the work carried out by the Investigators. 
b. Whilst Research Assistants/Research Technicians may provide intellectual input to the Research, they are not required to be directly involved in the management of the Research or for providing leadership in the conception and creation of new knowledge, products, processes, methods and systems under the Research. 
c. At the point of entry, Research Assistants/Research Technicians will typically not be required to possess PhD qualifications. For clarification, “Research Assistants” will not include nurses and other hospital workers whom may assist in the Research.
9. In the event the hiring supervisor PI/Co-Is/PM is unable to comply with Clause 8 above, the PI must seek prior approval from the Grantor with proper justification and Research Assistants/Research Technicians or staff of equivalent qualifications of other nationality can be employed only if the request is supported.
10. For Research Fellows, the Institutions shall use reasonable efforts to employ or otherwise engage Singapore citizens or Singapore permanent residents unless the required expertise is not available or the skill of any foreign person is necessary for the performance of the Research.


EOM
6. Funding of research staff under the grant must comply with prevailing and consistently applied human resource guidelines of the employing Host/Partner Institution(s), regardless of the source of funds. 
7. For manpower-related fund requisitions, update of all staff employed under the project must be provided, including those whose employment has ended. 
26. Grantor delegates the approval authority for manpower changes (i.e. increase/decrease in headcount, change in designation or scheme of projected hires, change in time commitment to the grant) to the Host Institution. Any virement into the EOM vote will require Grantor’s approval. Updates should be provided when the fund requisition form is submitted to the Grantor.
General policy;; The general principle is that grants should support EOM costs and related benefits (as per employment contract) as long as it is in line with the consistently applied Host Institution’s HR policies. This will extend to Host Institution policies that govern staff recruitment and related costs (e.g. costs associated with the onboarding of staff, staff insurance, overtime claims, staff relocation, employment benefits, employment levy, employment pass, pre-examination medical check-up and housing allowance.) All Manpower related costs that fall under Other Operating Costs (OOE) should be accurately reflected in the Budget. Fractional charging for staff costs based on time commitment to the project must be practised. 
Principal Investigators / Co-Investigators / Programme Managers EOM cost;; Not allowable.
Unconsumed leave;; Provision for unconsumed leave is not allowable.
Student Assistants / Interns;; Not allowable for students who are recipients of existing awards (or stipends) or students who are not residents of Singapore. Only full-time students enrolled in local institutes of higher learning qualify to be supported as a student assistant/intern.


Overseas Travel Related Expenses
15. It is the responsibility of the Lead PI/Co-Is to ensure that all travel expenses are in line with the Institutions’ consistently applied policy on travel, regardless of the source of funds. The Host Institution and Partner Institutions are to ensure that any travel undertaken is in relation to the grant only and for no other purpose.
General policy;; Not allowable unless specifically provided for in the grant and approved by the Grantor. Conference participation should be directly relevant to the research area outlined in the project and necessary to accomplish project objectives. All travel must align to the existing and consistently applied institutions’ travel policies regardless of the source of funds.


Equipment and Other Operating Expenses (OOE)
11. Only items specified and approved in the Letter of Award will be funded. 
12. All items claimed must comply with the Institution’s internal procurement processes, guidelines and policies.
13. Grantor’s approval must be sought prior to purchasing new equipment/OOE items that is not in the approved budget.
14. Grantor reserves the right to reject variation requests made retrospectively for equipment/OOE items not listed in the Letter of Award.
General policy;; No purchase of equipment is allowed unless specifically provided for in the grant approved by the Grantor. The procurement of such equipment must be made according to the formal established and consistently applied policies of the Host Institution. The invoices for all claims must be dated before the end of the Term.
Cost of capital works, general infrastructure, general purpose IT and communication equipment, office equipment, and furniture and fittings;; Not allowable under direct costs, unless specifically provided for in the grant and approved by the Grantor. Examples of such costs are computers, PDAs, mobile phones, photocopier machines, workstations, printers, etc.
OOE Related Expenses
General policy;; Not allowable for expenses that are not directly related to the Research. All procurement of such items must be made according to the formal established and consistently applied policies of the Host Institution. 
Visiting Professors/Experts;; Not allowable unless specifically provided for in the grant and approved by the Grantor. The visiting professor must be identified and his/her contribution to the project must be clearly defined and described in the proposal. 
Audit fees;; Not allowable. This includes both internal and external audit fees.
Entertainment & Refreshment;; Not allowable.
Fines and Penalties;; Not allowable.
Legal Fees;; Not allowable.
Overhead Expenses;; Not allowable unless specifically provided for in the grant and approved by the Grantor based on the nature of the research. This includes rental, utilities, facilities management, telephone charges, internet charges, etc.
Patent Application;; Not allowable. This includes patent application filing, maintenance and other related cost.
Software;; Not allowable under direct cost unless specifically provided for in the grant and approved by the Grantor.
Professional fees (including fees to consultants);; Not allowable unless specifically provided for in the grant and approved by the Grantor.
Staff retreat;; Not allowed.


Audit and Progress Reports 
Yearly Audit Report
30. The Host Institution is required to submit a Yearly Audit Report of the preceding financial year ending 31 March, by 30 September of each year.
31. The Yearly Audit Report must be prepared by each Institution’s internal or external auditors and certified by the director of research and chief financial officer (or an authorised nominee). 
32. The Yearly Audit Report should confirm that the Host Institution’s requisitions are made in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of a Competitive Grant, and Guidelines.


Audit and Progress Reports 
Yearly Progress Report
33. The Host Institution is required to submit a Yearly Progress Report within 2 months from the end of the Financial Year (by 31 May). The requirement to submit a Yearly Progress Report is waived if the project start date is less than 3 months from the end of the FY.
34. Investigators may be required to give additional information about the progress of any grant if the information submitted is deemed to be inadequate.


Grant Extension
27. Request for grant extension should be made before the last 6 months of the original end of the Term. The PI must ensure sufficient funds in each vote to support the extension request. Any variation requests necessary to meet the extension period must be made known as part of the extension request.
28. A one-off project extension should not be more than a total of 6 months. An extension beyond 6 months will require compelling justification. No additional funds should be given for any extensions.


Research Scholarship
General policy;; Not allowable unless specifically provided for in the grant and approved by the Grantor. Postgraduate stipend must align with the prevailing rates set by the Ministry of Education. Postgraduate stipend and tuition support will not attract indirect costs. 
Undergraduate stipend and tuition support;; Not allowable.


Requests for variations to the awarded grant
Virement between Votes
21. Grantor delegates the approval authority for the virement of funds between votes to the Host Institution, subject to a cumulative amount not exceeding 10% of the original total project direct cost value. For virements cumulatively above 10%, the approval authority remains with the Grantor.
22. Any virement into the EOM and Research Scholarship votes would require Grantor’s approval, even if the cumulative amount is below 10% of the original total project direct cost value.
23. Inter-institutional virements, where applicable, require the Grantor’s approval and acknowledgement from the director of research (or equivalent) for all Institutions involved.
24. Virement of funds into the Overseas Travel vote is not allowed. Overspending will not be reimbursed.
25. Variation from Research Scholarship vote to other budget category is not allowed, regardless of variation amount.


Requests for variations to the awarded grant
Change in Lead PI/Team PIs/Co-Is (Not applicable for Talent Award)
29. Request for a change in the Lead PI/Team PIs/Co-Is must be made to Grantor and be endorsed by the grant administrative office of the existing and new (if applicable) Host Institutions.  The new Lead PI/Team PIs/Co-Is must be an expert in that area and possess the necessary expertise to continue with the research work. 


Requests for variations to the awarded grant
19. Grantor reserves the right to reject any claims that have resulted from project changes without prior approval from Grantor (in specific circumstances as stated in these guidelines).
20. Request for any variation (except for Grant Extension) should be made before the last 3 months of the original end of the Term. Retrospective variation requests will not be allowed, unless there is compelling justification for submission of a late variation request.


Indirect Costs
16. Indirect costs in research are those costs that are incurred for common or joint objectives and therefore cannot be identified readily and specifically with a particular sponsored research project, but contribute to the ability of the Institutions to support such research projects (e.g. providing research space, research administration and utilities, and not through the actual performance of activities under the sponsored projects).
17. The Grantor does not directly manage indirect cost funding. PIs should refer to their Host Institutions for their policy of managing indirect cost funding.


15.	Publications of Results and Findings
15.1 Subject to the provisions of this Clause 15, the Institutions may publish, at any symposia, national, international or regional professional meeting or in any journal, thesis, dissertation, newspaper or otherwise of its own choosing, the findings, methods and results derived from the Research.
15.2 The Institutions shall ensure that all publications arising from the Research is made publicly available no later than twelve (12) months after the official date of publication. A copy of the publication shall be deposited in the Institution’s open access repository (or any other institutional/subject open access repository), in accordance to the Institution’s open access policy.
15.3 All publications shall acknowledge the funding support provided by Grantor and, where appropriate, the scientific and other contributions of the other Institutions and Research Personnel in accordance with established norms.


9. Accounts, Audits and Monitoring
9.1 Each Institution shall keep and maintain full and detailed records and accounts relating to the Funding and the Research, including all items of expenditure incurred for or in connection with the Research.
9.2 The Host Institution shall be wholly responsible for monitoring the expenditure of the Funding by the Institutions, ensuring that the Funding is utilised in accordance with this Contract and certifying in the Yearly Audit Report the amount of Funding actually utilised and that the progress of the Research is satisfactory. In the event that the Funding is not utilised in accordance with this Contract, the Host Institution shall immediately inform the Grantor and provide full details of the same, and take all action necessary to minimise further use of the Funding and inform Grantor of the action taken.
9.3 Grantor may conduct ad hoc on-site reviews and audits to ensure that the terms of this Contract are complied with by the Institutions and that the reports submitted to Grantor are an accurate statement of compliance by the respective Institutions. In such event, Clause 11 shall apply.


Yearly Progress Report
12.5 The Host Institution shall submit to Grantor, on a Financial Year (“FY”) basis, progress reports prepared by the Investigators in respect of the scientific progress and results of Research (“Yearly Progress Reports”). Yearly Progress Reports shall be submitted on or before 31 May (2 months from the end of the FY) or on such earlier date as reasonably required by Grantor. The requirement to submit a Yearly Progress Report is waived if the Term starts less than three (3) months from the end of the FY.
12.6 Grantor will review the Yearly Progress Report against the objectives of the Research as stated in this Contract. The Host Institution will be contacted for further information if the Yearly Progress Report is deemed inadequate or unsatisfactory.


Yearly Audit Report
12.3 Each Institution shall submit on an annual basis, no later than 30 September of each year, an audit report (“Yearly Audit Report”) containing all relevant financial information on the Research for the preceding year ending 31 March, including but not limited to:
(a) its use of Funds disbursed by Grantor;
(b) [applicable for advance disbursement] any unspent Funds that such Institution is required to return to Grantor;
(c) [applicable for advance disbursement] any unspent Funds that such Institution is carrying over into the next year.
12.4 The Yearly Audit Report must be prepared by each Institution’s internal or external auditors and certified as correct by its director of research and chief financial officer (or their authorised nominees). In particular, each Institution shall confirm and state in the Yearly Audit Report that such Institution’s requisitions for the Funding are made in accordance with the terms of this Contract.


19. Completion/Extension
19.1 Unless earlier terminated in accordance with this Contract or if Grantor agrees in writing to an extension of time, this Contract shall end upon the expiry of the Term. Unless otherwise specifically provided in the Letter of Award, any application for extension of time shall be made to Grantor no later than six (6) months before the original end of the Term unless there is compelling justification for submission of a late application for extension.


Collaboration Guidelines
Each Institution shall abide by the following guidelines when engaging in collaborations with any Collaborator pertaining to the Research.
1. The Institutions may engage in research collaborations involving any part or the whole of the Research with local or overseas Collaborators. Such collaborations, particularly with local Collaborators, are encouraged if the same enhance the Research and the results of the same.
2. The work in connection with the Research performed pursuant to the collaboration with the Collaborators should, to the extent possible, be carried out in Singapore. The Institutions are not permitted to contract out the whole or a substantial part of the Research to Collaborators.
3. Where possible, the Collaborators’ staff should be resident in Singapore, or be re- located to Singapore to undertake the research, although it is recognised that this may not always be possible in the case of Collaborators based overseas. In particular, it is understood that where the Research (and consequently, the Funding) relate to a joint grant call with an overseas funding agency or organisation, the Collaborators will be based overseas and the Collaborators’ scope of work under the Research will be undertaken overseas.
4. The Collaborators are not permitted to receive, directly or indirectly, any part of the Funding, whether in cash or in the form of Assets acquired using the Funding or otherwise. All Assets acquired using the Funding must be located in Singapore and maintained within the control of the Institutions.
5. Collaborators accessing and using Assets acquired using the Funding may only do so pursuant to the terms of the research collaboration agreement that is put in place to govern the collaboration and must do so on terms which are not more favourable than that allowed to any other Singapore based organisation (other than the Institutions).
6. The Institutions shall negotiate and agree upon ownership, intellectual property protection, commercialisation and revenue sharing rights in respect of the Intellectual Property arising from the Research undertaken in collaboration with the Collaborators in accordance with internationally accepted standards and in the best interests of the Institutions and Singapore. All such rights shall be negotiated, agreed upon and stipulated in a formal research collaboration agreement with each Collaborator, which shall be consistent with each Institution’s obligations under this Contract.
7. Minimally, the Institutions shall ensure that the Research IP shall be owned according to inventorship1 and that all revenues and other consideration derived from the use and commercial exploitation of the Research IP shall be shared between the Institutions andthe Collaborators in accordance with the overall contributions2 of the Institutions and the Collaborators. The Institutions shall not cede complete ownership of the Research IP to the Collaborator where the Collaborator or its staff has no inventive contributions without the prior written consent of Grantor- that is to say, in no event shall the Institutions or any one of them give up ownership where the Institutions’ staff, employees, students, agents or contractors are inventors or creators of the Research IP in question.
8. The Institutions shall keep Grantor informed of its negotiations with the Collaborators and the terms of the agreement and details of the same in a timely fashion.
9. The Institutions must at all times reserve the right to use the Research IP for their own research and development purposes and to make the same available to the local research community at least for non-commercial research and development purposes.


6. Research Personnel
6.1 The Institutions shall ensure that the Research Personnel conduct the Research with due care, diligence and skill and comply with this Contract.
6.2 The Host Institution shall ensure each Institution and Investigator submit the Acceptance Form together with all other required documents to Grantor (either electronically or in hardcopy) within the time stipulated.
6.3 <Not applicable for NRF Fellowship/Investigatorship/RSSS> If any Investigator is unable to continue the Research, the Institution engaging such Investigator shall, subject to the written approval of Grantor, appoint a successor within a reasonable time. In seeking approval, the Institution must satisfy Grantor that the proposed successor has the requisite qualifications and skills to continue the Research. In the event that the Institution is unable to appoint a successor acceptable to Grantor within a reasonable time, Grantor shall have the right to terminate the Funding and/or the Contract.


17. Third Party Collaborations
17.1 The Institutions may undertake work on the Research in collaboration with a Collaborator subject to this Clause 17. Notwithstanding Clause 2.5, the Institutions may also receive funds or any other means of support from a Collaborator for carrying out the research in accordance with this Clause 17.
17.2 The applicable Institutions shall, prior to commencing their collaboration with a Collaborator, enter into a written agreement with such Collaborator which is consistent with the obligations assumed under this Contract setting out, among other things: -
(a)	the role of the Collaborator in the Research;
(b)	the provision of cash or in-kind contributions by the Collaborator for the Research;
(c)	the work to be undertaken by the Collaborator and its scientific contributions.
17.3 All agreements with Collaborators must conform with the Collaboration Guidelines specified in the Annex. For the avoidance of doubt, Collaborators are not entitled to receive (directly or indirectly) any or any part of the Funds. The Host Institution shall keep Grantor informed of the progress on the work under the collaboration through the Yearly Progress Reports and the Final Progress Report.
17.4 The Host Institution shall be responsible for providing Grantor with copies of the relevant collaboration agreement between the Collaborator and the applicable Institutions including all amendments, modifications or revisions thereto.
17.5 [Applicable to projects awarded to private companies or of national interest.] The Institutions shall promptly inform Grantor if any aspect of the Research is the product of or otherwise relates to results obtained from a previous collaboration and the terms and conditions of any encumbrances on the relevant Research IP which may adversely affect Grantor’s rights under Clause 16.


24. Entire Agreement and Variation
24.1 This Contract constitutes the entire agreement between the parties and supersedes all prior communications, negotiations, arrangements and agreements, whether oral or written, between the parties with respect to the subject matter of this Contract.
24.2 Save where expressly superseded, if any part of this Contract conflicts with any other part, that part higher in the following list shall take precedence: -
(a)	the terms  and conditions contained  in the clauses  of  these Terms  and Conditions of A Competitive Grant;
(b)	the Annex(es);
(c)	the Letter of Award
(d)	Approved Proposal;
(e)	Application;
(f)	Guidelines;
(g)	Policies.


7. Milestones and Deliverables
The Institutions and the Investigators shall use their best efforts to achieve the Milestones and Deliverables.


13. Changes in Research
No material amendments, alterations or changes shall be made to the Research without Grantor’s prior written approval. Save as aforesaid, the Host Institution shall notify Grantor in writing of all other amendments, alterations or changes made to the Research as soon as possible. For the purposes of this Clause, “material amendments, alterations or changes” shall mean those amendments, alterations or changes that have a material effect on the scope, nature, direction or purpose of the Research.


Approvals from Ethics Committees
1. A copy of the necessary approval(s) from the relevant board and committees (IRB, IACUC, GCP, etc.) must be sent to Grantor, where applicable. Failure to do so will delay the disbursement of funds


Research Collaboration Agreements
2. The Investigators are responsible for putting in place research collaboration acknagreements where and when applicable. 


Disbursement of funds
3. A list of non-fundable direct cost items is provided in the Annex. Only items specified in the approved budget will be funded.
4. All expenditure should be incurred (based on invoice date) before the end of the Term.
5. In general, prudence should be exercised for all project costs.


Performance Bonus
18. Claims for staff performance bonus should be submitted within 6 months following the end of the Term. For Host Institutions that practise accrual of performance bonus according to its finance policy, balance funds should either be returned or claimed within 6 months if the pay-out comes after the end of the Term.


Final Progress Report
35. The Host Institution is required to submit a Final Progress Report within 3 months following the end of the Term.  


Final Statement of Account
36. The Host Institution is required to submit a Final Statement of Account within 6 months following the end of the Term. 


Debarring of Investigators
37. Investigators who fail to submit the Final Progress Report and/or Final Statement of Account within the stipulated timelines at paragraphs 35 and 36 will be debarred. Debarred Investigators will not be eligible to submit new grant applications for a minimum of 1 year starting from the end of the respective deadlines. The period of ineligibility will continue until the Final Progress Report and/or Final Statement of Account are submitted to Grantor.


2. Funding
2.1 The Funding will be provided during the Term in accordance with the provisions of this  ontract. The Institutions shall use the Funding in accordance with this Contract.
2.2 The Institutions shall use the Funds for the Research only and not for any other purpose.
2.3 Each Investigator shall use his/her best endeavours to faithfully and diligently carry out or cause to be carried out all necessary research and development work and to devote all necessary time, resources and support to ensure the successful conduct, implementation and completion of the Research in accordance with this Contract and consistent with internationally recognised good research practices and ethical standards. Each Institution shall ensure that the Research Personnel within their employ undertake and properly discharge the foregoing obligations.
2.4 Other than expressly allowed under the Contract, the Funds or any part thereof shall not be channelled to fund research and development activities overseas.
2.5 The Institutions shall not solicit or receive any funds or such other means of support for carrying out the Research from any other person, company, body, organisation, institution or agency (governmental or non-governmental) without Grantor’s prior written consent, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld.


3. Accuracy of Information
The Institutions warrant that the information contained in the Application, all reports referred to in this Contract and any other information submitted to Grantor relating to the Research or the Funding are complete, accurate and not misleading. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the following are examples of incomplete, inaccurate and/or misleading information:
(a) false or improper reports of financial accounts;
(b) improper claims;
(c) false or improper documents;
(d) fictitious track records;
(e) inflated reports of funds obtained from other sources for the Research;
(f) omission of information on other funding sources for the Research;
(g) false or inaccurate claims that proper approvals (including IRB approvals) have been obtained;
(h) false or inaccurate reports on the progress of the Research and achievement of Milestones and Deliverables;
(i) false or inaccurate reports on the status of collaborations with third parties relating to the Research;
(j) false claims in the publication record, such as, describing a paper as being published even though it has only been submitted for publication.


4. Administration of the Funding
4.1 The Institutions shall ensure that the Research is carried out with due care, diligence and skill and that the Funds are used in accordance with this Contract.
4.2 The Host Institution shall be responsible for administering and co-ordinating all matters relating to the Research, use of the Funds, communications with Grantor, and reporting requirements for and on behalf of all the Institutions. For this purpose, the Host Institution shall be represented by its chief executive officer or equivalent office holder and establish an Office of Research to facilitate such responsibilities. Where its chief executive officer is also the Lead Principal Investigator, the Host Institution shall appoint another person from the governing body to which the chief executive officer reports, to represent the Host Institution. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Grantor reserves the right to communicate directly with any Institution or Investigator on matters relating to this Contract.


Administration of the Funding
4.3 The Host Institution shall be responsible for: -
(a) ensuring that all Institutions and Research Personnel are aware of their respective responsibilities and that they comply with the terms and conditions of this Contract;
(b) providing and/or procuring the basic facilities needed to carry out the Research as detailed in the Approved Proposal;
(c) ensuring that the Investigators adopt the highest achievable standards, exhibit impeccable integrity and follow  all prevailing guidelines on good research practices in Singapore (or internationally established guidelines, where applicable) in the conduct of the Research;
(d) monitoring the scientific progress of the Research towards achievement of the Milestones and Deliverables and reporting to Grantor any deviations or anticipated problems which may materially affect the Research;
(e) ensuring, where applicable, that local IRB, research ethics committee and multi-centre research ethics committee approvals are granted for the Research and that no research requiring such approval is initiated before it has been granted;
(f) ensuring, where applicable, that the Institutions put in place proper procedures and guidelines to ensure regular and effective monitoring of the Research by the IRB or ethics committee;
(g) ensuring, where applicable, that all ethics approvals for the conduct of studies using animals are granted including approvals of the relevant institutional animal care and use committee or such other body appointed to deal with ethical issues relating to the care and use of animals in research;
(h) ensuring, where applicable, that all necessary regulatory licences or approvals for the Research have been granted prior to the commencement of any work under the Research;
(i) ensuring, where applicable, that any clinical trials (as defined under the Medicines Act) conducted as part of the Research are conducted in accordance with the Singapore Guideline for Good Clinical Practice as amended from time to time or such other applicable guidelines;
(j) ensuring that the work under the Research complies with all relevant current laws, government rules and regulations and other applicable guidelines and procedures including those introduced while the work is in progress;
(k) ensuring that all Research Personnel involved in animal research and in the breeding, housing and care of animals, are properly trained and supervised;
(l) ensuring that Grantor is immediately notified in writing of any development that will adversely affect the progress of the Research;
(m) ensuring that Grantor is immediately notified in writing upon cessation by any Investigator of active involvement in the Research or long leave of absence (e.g. sabbatical);
(n) ensuring that Grantor is immediately notified in writing if any work carried out using the Funding diverges materially from the Approved Proposal.


Administration of the Funding
4.4 Each Institution  shall be responsible for ensuring that its clinician investigators working under the Research (if any) are aware that they are individually responsible for maintaining  appropriate professional indemnity  insurance coverage. For the avoidance of doubt, Grantor will not be responsible for the costs of such cover.


Administration of the Funding
4.5 Each Institution must have in place adequate systems for ensuring the integrity of research carried out by its staff so that scientific misconduct (e.g. plagiarism, falsification of data, improper selection of data) and unethical behaviour can be prevented. Each Institution shall implement effective mechanisms for identifying scientific misconduct and/or unethical behaviour and have in place clearly publicised and agreed procedures for investigating allegations of such scientific misconduct and/or unethical behaviour. The Institutions shall report to Grantor all incidents or allegations of such scientific misconduct or unethical behaviour at the earliest opportunity.


Administration of the Funding
4.6 Without prejudice to the Host Institution’s obligations under this Contract, the Institutions and Investigators shall do all things necessary to enable compliance by the Host Institution of its obligations under this Contract.
4.7 The Host Institution shall manage the use of the Funding for indirect cost in accordance with the Guidelines. Investigators should refer to their Host Institution for their policy of managing such use. The Grantor does not directly manage indirect cost funding.


5. Commencement of Research
The Lead Principal Investigator shall inform Grantor if scientific work on the Research is unable to commence within three (3) months from the beginning of the Term.


Disbursement of Funds
8.1 Disbursement of the Funds shall be made in accordance with the following provisions: -
(a) Each Institution shall submit requisitions for direct and/or indirect costs for which the Funding is permitted to be used to Grantor for approval on a quarterly basis (“Quarterly Requisition”).
(b) Each Institution shall include, with its Quarterly Requisition, detailed schedules of expenditure incurred for the previous quarter which are certified correct by its chief financial officer (or an authorised nominee).
(c) Grantor will disburse the approved Quarterly Requisition amounts to the Host Institution. Partner Institutions shall issue a requisition to the Host Institution, and the Host Institution shall be responsible for collation of the requisitions and disbursement of funds to the Partner Institutions.
(d) [Applicable only to relevant projects e.g. HBMS projects] Disbursement of the Funding shall be subject to the due performance of and compliance with this Contract by Institutions including, but not limited to, the securing of the relevant ethics approvals (e.g. IRB) for the Research. The Institutions shall furnish satisfactory documentary evidence to Grantor that aforementioned requirement has been met.


Accounts, Audits and Monitoring
9.1 Each Institution shall keep and maintain full and detailed records and accounts relating to the Funding and the Research, including all items of expenditure incurred for or in connection with the Research.
9.2 The Host Institution shall be wholly responsible for monitoring the expenditure of the Funding by the Institutions, ensuring that the Funding is utilised in accordance with this Contract and certifying in the Yearly Audit Report the amount of Funding actually utilised and that the progress of the Research is satisfactory. In the event that the Funding is not utilised in accordance with this Contract, the Host Institution shall immediately inform the Grantor and provide full details of the same, and take all action necessary to minimise further use of the Funding and inform Grantor of the action taken.
9.3 Grantor may conduct ad hoc on-site reviews and audits to ensure that the terms of this Contract are complied with by the Institutions and that the reports submitted to Grantor are an accurate statement of compliance by the respective Institutions. In such event, Clause 11 shall apply.


Return of Unused Funds and Final Statement of Account
Each Institution shall return all unused funds (applicable for advance disbursement) and submit a final statement of account (“Final Statement of Account”) to Grantor within six (6) months of the completion or termination of the Research, or termination of this Contract, or the end of the Term, whichever is the earliest, failing which Grantor may refuse to make further disbursements of the Funding and/or disallow further claims from such Institution.


Access to Premises and Records
Pursuant to Clause 9.3, the Institutions shall, at all reasonable times during the Term and for seven (7) years after the expiration or termination of this Contract, grant Grantor and its authorized representatives: -
(a)	unhindered access to: -
(i)	the Research Personnel
(ii)	premises occupied by the Institutions
(iii)	the Assets and Materials
(iv)	all accounts, records and documents in relation to the Research and Funding and its administration;
(b)	reasonable assistance to:
(i)	inspect the performance of the Research
(ii)	locate and inspect any accounts, records and documents in relation to the Research and Funding and its administration;
(iii)	locate and inspect the Assets and Materials
(iv)	make copies of any accounts, records and documents in relation to the Research and Funding and its administration and remove those copies and
(v)	make copies of Materials (where applicable) and remove those copies.


Access to Premises and Records
11.2 The access rights in Clause 11.1 are subject to: -
(a)	the provision of reasonable prior notice by Grantor;
(b)	the applicable Institution’s reasonable security procedures.
11.3 In the event that Grantor is investigating a matter which, in its opinion, may involve an actual or suspected unethical conduct, or breach of the law or breach of the terms of this Contract, Clause 11.2 (a) will not apply.
11.4 Upon receipt of reasonable written notice from Grantor, the Institutions and Investigators shall provide any information relating to the Research required by Grantor for monitoring and evaluation purposes.


12. Reporting  Requirements
12.1 The Grantee shall submit the reports and statements set out in this Clause 12 in accordance with the format required by Grantor. Notwithstanding Clauses 12.2 to 12.8, the Grantor may vary the reporting requirements of the Institutions in the Letter of Award. This includes but is not limited to requiring the Institutions to provide reports and statements within different deadlines or at more regular intervals. The provisions of this Clause 12 shall apply mutatis mutandis to such reporting requirements.
12.2 Time is of the essence with respect to the obligations set out in this Clause 12. In the event that an Institution fails to fulfil any requirement set out in this Clause 12 within the stipulated timeline or to demonstrate satisfactory progress in the Research, Grantor may discontinue further disbursements of the Funding.


Final Progress Report
12.7 The Host Institution shall submit to Grantor a final progress report (“Final Progress Report”) within three (3) months from the end of the Term. The Final Progress Report shall contain, among other things, a complete list of the Assets. Grantor will review the outcomes against the objective(s) of the Research as stated in this Contract.
12.8 If the Host Institution fails to submit the Final Progress Report in accordance with Clause 12.7, the Investigators will not be eligible to submit new grant applications for a minimum of one (1) year from the Final Progress Report submission deadline. The period of ineligibility will continue until the Final Progress Report is submitted to Grantor.


Insurance
Each Institution shall effect and maintain adequate insurance policies to cover any liability arising from its participation in the Research including, but not limited to, those required under any applicable legislation. If requested, an Institution shall provide Grantor with a copy of such insurance policies.


16. Intellectual Property Rights
16.1 Background Intellectual Property (“BIP”) is any existing IP brought by the Institutions and/or Collaborators into the Research. Unless expressly agreed otherwise, this Research shall have no effect on BIP.
16.2 All Intellectual Property howsoever arising from the Research (“Research IP”) shall, at the first instance, be the property of the Institutions in such proportions as they may determine. This is without prejudice to any agreement that the Institutions may enter into with the Investigators or Research Personnel on ownership and exploitation of Research IP.
16.3 The Investigators shall use best efforts to identify and disclose to the Institutions details of all such Research IP.
16.4 The Institutions shall keep and maintain a full, comprehensive and updated list of all Research IP, which shall be made available to Grantor for inspection at any time.
16.5 The Institutions shall use best efforts to ensure that Research IP is properly managed and wherever feasible, fully exploited and commercialised. When required to do so by Grantor, the Institutions shall attend such meetings as Grantor may direct to discuss the potential for exploitation and commercialisation of Research IP.
16.6 The Institutions shall keep and maintain a full, comprehensive and updated set of statements, records and accounts documenting the Revenue from the commercialisation and exploitation of the Research IP.
16.7 [Applicable to projects awarded to private companies or of national interest] The Government  and  public  sector  agencies  shall  reserve  a  non-exclusive,  non-transferable, perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free right and licence to use, modify, reproduce and distribute the Research IP for non-commercial, R&D and/or educational purposes only.


Ownership and Use of Assets
18.1 Subject to this Clause 18, title and ownership of the Assets and Materials will vest in the Institutions in such manner as to be determined amongst themselves. Save as provided in Clauses 18.2, 18.3 and 18.4, the Assets and Materials shall be used only for the Research. All Assets and Materials shall be physically located in Singapore and maintained within the control of the applicable Institutions during the Term.
18.2 The Institutions shall permit Approved Third Parties to access and use the Assets at no charge upon prior appointment provided that: 
(i) such access and use shall be subject to the availability of the Assets and there are no third party licensing terms restricting such use and 
(ii) the Institutions shall be entitled to impose charges for the supply of materials, other services and utilities charges connected with the use of the Assets by the Approved Third Parties.
18.3 The Institutions may allow its employees to use the Assets for purposes other than the Research provided always that such use shall: 
(i) be restricted to research and development work within the Institutions
(ii) be allowed only during the times when the Assets are not being used for the Research and 
(iii) not impede the Institutions from meeting its obligations and undertakings under this Contract.
18.4 Upon the expiry or termination of this Contract or end of the Research and for a period of three (3) years thereon, Grantor may require the Institutions to grant access for the use of any of the Assets and Materials by Grantor or any party identified by Grantor at no charge to the Grantor.


Termination
20.1 Grantor may terminate the Funding or this Contract upon the occurrence of any of the following events: -
(a) any breach of the terms and conditions of this Contract by any Institution or any Research Personnel which is incapable of remedy;
(b) failure to remedy any breach of the terms and conditions of this Contract (where such breach is capable of remedy) by any Institution or any Research Personnel within ninety (90) days of written notification of such breach by Grantor;
(c) breach of ethics by any Institution or Research Personnel in the conduct of the Research including, but not limited to, ethical rules on patient safety;
(d) work carried out by the Institutions using the Funding diverges materially from the Approved Proposal;
(e) misconduct relating to the Research;
(f) any corruption and/or fraud by the Institution and/ or Research Personnel and/ or other staff relating to the Research or Funding;
(g) stoppage of work on the Research;
(h) cessation of any Investigator’s active involvement in the Research;
(i) appointment of receiver over any of the property or assets of any Institution;
(j) taking possession by encumbrancer of any of the property or assets of any Institution;
(k) entry into any voluntary arrangement by any Institution with its creditors;
(l) liquidation of any Institution;
(m) ceasing or threatening to cease to carry on business by any Institution;
(n) Grantor is of the opinion that the continued performance of the Research is not or no longer viable.
The Host Institution shall immediately inform the Grantor upon its becoming aware of the occurrence of any of the above events.


Termination
20.2 In the event that this Contract is suspended or terminated pursuant to Clause 20.5, the Grantor shall meet any further amounts incurred under the Funding for work done under the Research up to the date of suspension or termination [following sentence applicable for advance disbursement] which have not been covered by disbursements of Funding already made by Grantor. Clause 8 shall apply mutatis mutandis to such claims.


Termination
20.3 In the event that this Contract is terminated pursuant to Clause 20.1, Grantor may, but shall not be obliged to, meet any further amounts incurred under the Funding for work done under the Research up to the date of suspension or termination [following sentence applicable for advance disbursement] which have not been covered by disbursements of Funding already made by the Grantor. The provisions of Clause 8 shall apply mutatis mutandis to such claims. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, in the event of termination pursuant to Clauses 20.1 (c), (e), or (f), the Institutions agree that Grantor may require the Institutions to return all or some of the Funds previously disbursed by Grantor.


Termination
20.4 Upon termination of this Contract, the Institutions shall:
(a)	take all necessary actions to minimise further expenditure on the Research;
(b)	[applicable for advance disbursement] return to the Grantor all monies that have not been expended under the Funding.


Termination
20.5 If any Institution is unable to comply with any term or condition of this Contract by reason of a Force Majeure event beyond the reasonable control of such Institution, all Institutions’ obligations hereunder shall be suspended during the time and to the extent that the first Institution is prevented from complying therewith by the Force Majeure event provided that the Host Institution shall have first given written notice to Grantor specifying the nature and details of such event and the probable extent of the suspension. The affected Institution shall use its best efforts to minimize and reduce the period of suspension occasioned by the Force Majeure event and to remove or remedy such cause with all reasonable dispatch. Grantor may forthwith terminate the award by written notice to the Host Institution if such Force Majeure event continues for more than sixty (60) days. The following events shall be considered “Force Majeure” events, namely, national emergencies, war, embargoes, strikes, lock-outs or other labour disputes, civil disturbances, actions or inactions of government authorities, earthquakes, fire, lightning, flood or any other catastrophic event in Singapore caused by the forces of nature.
 

Termination
20.6 Clauses 3, 9, 10, 12, 14, 15, 16, 18, 20, 21 and 22 shall survive expiration or termination of this Contract howsoever caused. Clause 11 shall survive expiration or termination of this Contract howsoever caused for a period of seven (7) years.


Disclaimer of Liability
21.1 The Grantor shall not be liable to the Institutions or any Research Personnel involved in the Research or any other person whatsoever by reason of or arising from the terms and conditions of this Contract or its approval of the Research or the provision of the Funding or the conduct of the Research by, or any breach, act or default of, the Institutions and Research Personnel. Each Institution shall assume all responsibility and liability for: -
(a)	all claims, losses, demands, actions, suits, proceedings, costs, or expenses whatsoever arising, suffered or incurred directly, from or out of any breach, act or default of such Institutions and/or its Research Personnel;
(b)	all claims, losses, demands, actions, suits, proceedings, costs, or expenses whatsoever arising out of or in connection with any claim that the intellectual property rights of third party have been infringed as a result of the carrying out of the Research by such Institution and/or its Research Personnel.
21.2 The Grantor shall have no liability to the Institutions or the Research Personnel merely by reason of its provision of the Funding and  the Institutions shall be responsible for all acts and conduct relating to the Research, including all IP, human and animal ethical issues.


Compliance with Law
The Institutions and Research Personnel shall, in performing this Contract, comply with the provisions of any relevant laws, statutes, regulations, by-laws, rules, guidelines and requirements applicable to it as the same may be amended or varied from time to time.


General
23.1 The grant of the Funding and this Contract is personal to each Institution. The Institutions shall not assign or otherwise transfer any of their rights or obligations hereunder whether in whole or in part without the prior written consent of Grantor.


General
23.2 No partnership or joint venture or other relationship between Grantor and the Institutions shall be constituted as a result of this Contract.


General
23.3 Any notice given hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when it has been delivered personally at or posted to the address of the party to which  it  is required  or permitted to be  given  at such party's address hereinbefore specified or at such other address as such party shall have designated by notice in writing to the party giving such notice.


General
23.4 No failure or delay by a party in exercising any of its rights under these provisions shall be deemed to be a waiver of that right. No waiver by a party of a breach of any provision shall be deemed to be a waiver of any subsequent breach of the same provision unless such waiver so provides by its terms. The rights and remedies provided herein are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights or remedies provided by law.


General
23.5 Singapore law shall govern this Contract in all respects.


General
23.6 The Institutions, Investigators and all Research Personnel shall be bound by and will conform with all Guidelines and Policies relating to the Funding and the Research as may be in force from time to time. The terms and conditions of all Guidelines and Policies are hereby expressly incorporated into this Contract by reference. The terms of the Guidelines and Policies are subject to revision from time to time at the absolute discretion of Grantor and it is the duty of each Institution and Investigator to be updated on the terms thereof following the Grantor’s communication of such revisions to the Institutions.


General
23.7 Grantor shall be entitled to disclose or otherwise make available to any Co-Funder any information, reports or other subject matter pertaining to the Research that it receives from the Institutions or any Research Personnel.


Third Party Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act (Cap 53B)
Save as expressly stipulated by Grantor in this Contract or in any Policy issued hereunder, the parties hereto do not intend that any term of this Contract should be enforceable, by virtue of the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act (Cap 53B) or otherwise, by any person who is10
not party to this Contract.



